Mom, this project is only worth 10 billion
The extra 90 billion is tantamount to wasting money
I mention that we terminate the project immediately
Stop loss in time
Exactly.
It is still oil and gas to support the world's new energy
The market is slow
That project can't be of much value.
We agree with Chu Sheng
This project must be terminated immediately
Hahaha
The progress of new energy in the world of oil and gas resources is slow
You bunch of blind things
We can't support you
Your eyes are deep enough
You probably know Lin Zhi's future
I can only burn it in my uncle's hands
Want to make a fortune with this project?
Lin Fan 10 billion and over 1,000 investments
These are completely different concepts.
You quit now
Convene the project
Shu Sheng is in charge
For the sake of the family
We can consider giving you a chance to repent.
Consider not pursuing
Changing the investment amount of the project without authorization
Otherwise, otherwise what?
I gave Lin a great opportunity
You still want to hold me accountable
It's the other way around.
You caused such a big mess
How dare you be so arrogant